Well, good morning, family. Praise the
Lord. Thank you for joining us again
today. It's not morning, but
almost.
It's pretty late at night,
but I just wanted to come on and
pray with you all a little bit tonight
before you all go to bed, praying over
your week that you will have a
victorious week, that this week will be
a week of breakthrough for your
household, and that we're closing out 2025
not broke, busted, and disgusted, but
believing God for the overflow. You
know, I told you all,
make that list and stretch your faith. You
need spiritual stretch marks. I've
talked about it how many times
now—that
you are believing God so big, but
you're so pregnant spiritually that you
have spiritual stretch marks.
It's time to believe God for the
exceedingly abundantly above all that
you dare ask or think. That's where I
said, "Let's finish 2025
with the
overflow."When
the Lord
is
showing us in the vision to believe
for your house to be paid off, believe
for your student loans, believe for your
car note to be paid off,
and
to be debt-free. We
have about eight weeks left of this year,
and
it's nothing for God. I just know He
can turn it on a dime, and there's a
million and one ways that He can get you
a million dollars. I just believe it.
And you say, "Well, Brandon, why are you
saying all that?"Because He's
been stretching me to believe Him for
bigger and
to
have spiritual stretch marks.
If you don't have
spiritual stretch marks, you're not
believing big enough because you're not
pregnant enough with what God has called
you to do. You're not
stretching out there
knowing that God is able to do it.
If you're just barely believing,
that's where you're going to be; you're
just going to barely get by
and
barely hit the status quo. But
if you're believing for big, I would
rather believe for huge and get half of
it than believe for small and
get
nothing.
Believe for an
overflow
so big that you
go, "Man, I'm not only believing for my
house to be paid off, but I'm going to
pay off my pastor's
house."Why
not believe big?
I've
got so much overflow to have my
stuff paid off that I've got enough to
pay off three other people's stuff.
I'm a lender unto many, and I shall not
borrow. Why not believe for big?
So, I set
out to believe for big things for the rest of
the year going into 2026. What are you
believing God for in 2026?
I'm believing for my kids to be saved,
I'm believing for my wife to be saved,
and
I'm believing for my husband to be
saved. I want to
walk in the supernatural.
Why not?
Why not you? Why not me? There's
an expiration date to your problems.
That's where I was at
today. Guys, I was blowing the leaves
off in my yard and cleaning up my yard
today because the leaves are
falling so heavily now. It's
starting to rain leaves here in
Tulsa, and
the leaves are saying hello. I
told Diana I don't like this
part of the year whenever these leaves
are doing all that, but it's a
blessing, and we're so thankful for the
trees.
I
just want to say
that to you all just to stretch yourself
to believe. When I was outside
and I was doing the yard work,
prayer tonight was at the church, and Pastor
Candace and them
always have prayer. I was like,
"Man, I want to finish these
leaves."Then
the Lord said, "Brandon,
I want you to go to prayer and add your
supply. I want you to take your family, and
I want you to add your supply. There's
things that I'll show you in reward if
you go. I want you to add your
supply."So
I said, "Okay, Father. I'll do
it."I
love prayer anyway; it's not
like you have to twist my arm to go
pray. But when you're busy and
you're wanting to finish the
job and there's a pile of leaves that
you've blown, I thought, "Well, if
the wind gets them, they get them."But I put them
in the pile and I
told Diana, "Let's go,
babe."So
we were a little late, but we went
in. I started praying, and
the lady that was leading the prayer
tonight was praying over families,
for the Thanksgiving season, and
for strife not to be in the
homes—basically
stuff like that. She said
her
prayer assignment today was praying over
finances and stuff.
I believe there's an anointing
for that—to pray for certain things that
God calls your vein of what
you're to pray for.
He shows me a lot about
the
economy privately that I don't talk
about—about
the housing market, about
gold, about everything—and I just
intercede for this.
So I just started adding my
supply, and
all of a sudden I was taken
in the spirit and saw what the
spirit of God was showing me.
I saw four major,
huge doors.
They were built on a rock,
but it wasn't a normal rock. It
looked like a
white, chalky
rock, but it was
holy.
All these doors were built
on this rock.
I could see each individual one was
completely black.
Take your screen on your cell phone when
it's turned off—that blackness. It
looks like that;
it's piercing,
it swallows you, and you get
lost in it. These doors
were so black that you
couldn't make out the
door
handles,
but I knew they were separate
and individually done.
The Lord had me praying over these
doors,
and all of a sudden the middle door
opened up,
and in this door were golden coins.
Megan's laughing about those golden
coins; she
gets excited;
she's in the living room. She's
fine.
The golden coins were on
a hill,
and as the door opened up, they started
falling through the door
like
an avalanche.
These were all stacked up
really high, and as the door opened, it
was so full of golden coins
that they started coming out
because the pressure was on the door.
I was looking at that door, and the
Lord said to pray,
because
it was so dark that the outside of it was
hidden.
You had to pray into it; you had to
contend for it. Like I keep telling
y'all,
we have to contend for the
blessing. You cannot just idly sit
by and expect to walk in the abundance
for these last days.
We know that Satan's wheelhouse, his
specialty, is over finances.
So we are going and plundering
the demonic realm and saying, "Listen,
we're taking back what you stole from
us.
We're taking back everything the devil
has stolen from us, and we're
demanding the thief pay us
double for our
trouble."I'm
calling for double for my
trouble—everything
that you have been stealing
from me for how many years. Then the
Lord said, "Call for your
ancestors'finances."We
were praying into this.
I haven't even brought this
up
yet.
But the Lord said to us, "Call
for your ancestors'seeds, too.
If your family generation
worked hard, sowed,
and
were givers at their church
but
they never reaped it, he said, 'Call for
their seeds, too.
If they never reaped it,
those
seeds do not
die.'"Seeds
do not
die. He said, "They lie dormant sometimes
in the ground or, if they're in a
dark place, they won't grow until the
light hits them
or unless water hits them. You can put
seed in there."He said, "Speak to
those old seeds to reap a harvest,
Brandon.
For there's generational wealth that is
coming for the body of Christ if
you
lay hold to it,
for this last outpouring of finances,
for an end-time harvest transfer."Sister
Billye
said, "I didn't
know if it was biblical or
not."She
said that
because
you always want to know if you're
off.
If it's not
in the Word, you cannot go
against what the Word says.
So Sister Billye Brim, who wrote
this book we were talking about
yesterday that Diana read—she's
an
elder and I always respect
my elders. She started
researching all the biblical
basis for an end-time wealth transfer
and she says it's in
the Word. She found it all.
She goes through the Greek; she's
brilliant when it comes to this
stuff. I
love it when you can talk to her and
have a really cool conversation
about the Word; she's full of the
Word. The
end-time
wealth transfer is there.
As I was praying into
this—and
maybe we'll have her on one
day and she can talk about it
because you
want to know where that's at
in the Word—I'm not
educated enough to tell you. I'm
humble enough to tell
you that I don't
know, but I trust her
and I'll allow her to
come on
and show you in
the Word where it's at because I
thought it was awesome. She had
it all in there.
Going back to the doors:
I saw these four doors
and as I was praying, the Lord said,
"These are end-time. This is
what's hidden.
It's in the darkness.
You have to pray and contend for it and
bring it out into the light."As you
are praying, I saw the gold door open
and all this coin, and then I saw silver
open and the silver started to fall
out. I said, "What are the other two
doors?"I
don't know yet.
But as I was praying, the Lord was
showing me—and this is not financial
advice, I'm not telling you to buy
silver or gold—I'm telling you
what
I
saw behind the door and what
I'm praying over.
You pray too and ask God what He's
telling you because I'm still trying to
ask God what this is all about.
As I was praying, I saw these doors
open. Then I saw two doors over here
and they represented something.
But as I was praying, I could see
these four electric lines
on an electric pole. What was
interesting was the electric pole was
blacked out so much that you could not
really
make out that it was an electric
pole.
The electric lines were like
lines you see on the earth
running
to—I
was trying to show them
like a black extension cord—but they
were like a black
cord. It's all right, son. It's a black
cord that was running and powering each
door.
And the Lord said, "Flip the switch.
Flip the
switch."I
started interceding for this.
When I started
seeing this black
cord—thanks,
Braden.
Black headphones.
You can have them back, buddy. Thank
you. As I was praying, the Lord
said, "Pray into
this."I
get these
assignments and I'm like a
boy.
The lady up at the front
is
leading and going a totally different
direction, but I'm in the back with my
heels ground down in the
ground. I'm like, "No, hold on. We
have
to park here because I want to see
more."I'm
not leading, so
I'm just trying
to remember this.
She's taking notes and remembering
everything the Lord is showing me
because they were praying
for families and stuff.
But I was on my own little
hound
trail—you
know, like
a
bloodhound. Their noses are to the ground and they're
going to find out what this is in
the spirit realm. That's just the
way I am because I am determined
to have everything that God has for me.
I am determined to make sure I don't
lack any good thing
for my family. We are going to be
on that side of the blessing, that
side of exceedingly
abundantly. We have what it takes
to do it. We're contenders.
The Lord told me on
the way home,
I told her, I said, "Do we do a
live stream tonight?"because it was late
already. I said, "You
know, there are certain things I could have
done, but
let's pray some more about
these doors.
Let's go ahead and do a live
stream."I
fed the kids and said, "Let's
go and do the live
stream."As
I was praying
into this and Braden was
getting this set up, the Lord said to me,
"Brandon,
I am assembling together
the closers
even more. You prayer intercessors
who
come on here are not just average prayer
people.
He saved the best for last.
You're the closers.
You're the generation, I believe with all
my heart,
that
will not taste death.
We will be that generation that
sees the Lord Jesus Christ come back for
His church.
But He brought us here for such a time
as this, not just to sit by idly and
watch the end-time unfold around us, but
to pray into it
and to have an assignment for
angelic aid and assistance. We're
not just sitting back idly and going,
"Well, God, whatever will be will
be, Que sera, sera."No. The sky is not
falling. Things are not coming apart.
We have authority. That's
why we brought this to you. You must use
your authority in these last days. If
you're not, you're missing it.
People
say,
"Brandon, you need to be
careful with that. The devil's going to
hear you.
You don't want to
provoke a principality."I'm not
out there sticking my finger
in a principality's
eye,
but as for me and my house,
we have authority over the devil.
He isn't going to
mess with us. You either take it or he's
going to run you over.
The roaring lion seeks whom he may
devour. He isn't devouring us. We're
going to stand and plead the blood
of Jesus.
We're going to stand and
anoint our heads with oil and say, "Hey,
our cup runneth over."Surely goodness
and mercy are going to follow us all the
days of our life. I'm not going to sit
there and go, "Well, we better hide from
the devil because he's out there coming to
try to devour you."I hate to
burst
your bubble, but he's going
to try to devour the ones who are hiding
more than the ones who have a sword out
saying, "You come over here and I'm
going to slap you in the head with
this."Do
you think he
doesn't
see that? He's attracted to
fear. When I had demonic
stuff going on,
the devils know when you're afraid.
Just like bees and dogs smell fear,
the devil knows when you're afraid
versus if you know who you are in Christ
and you have authority over him.
You must exercise your authority. And
that's why we brought this to you.
Some people got all bent out.
You were trying to take over
your area, over your household, over
your family, over your church, over your
schools, praying over the weather.
As he is, so are we in this world. And
if Jesus could do it, he gave us the
authority to do it also.
He didn't sit there and go,
'I get annoyed with this. I get
annoyed with this spineless
not having a backbone like a crowbar.
If we don't contend and stand for
what we believe in, we'll lose
it.'I'm
telling you, the body of Christ
is the salt of this earth.
And we are to do what it takes.
We're the ones, the great
restrainers. I believe the Holy Spirit
does. Christ in us, the hope of glory.
Christ in you. We're the restrainers
from the evil. We have authority to bind
and loose and do the things that need to
be done to get the job done for this
end-time
harvest, for the finances, for
whatever it takes.
And the only reason the United States is
the way it is, is because the church sits
idly by with their head in the sand
and saying, 'Well, whatever will be, will
be.'Well,
we don't need to get in politics,
brother; you need to stay out of that.
No, I'm going to get in politics.
I'm going to vote for righteous men and
women to get in office
that will stand for what we stand for:
against abortion, against homosexuality,
against these things. You know why?
Because
all those things are sin. And it
leads you to death. It leads you to
hell. And somebody needs to tell you the
truth.
If nobody's out there telling you the
truth, you get on the other side and
say, 'Hey, they didn't warn
me.'Guess
what? Your blood's on my hands. But if I
warn you and you still go to hell,
that's on you.
But at least I told you you're going to
hell and you need to repent and turn
back from your wicked ways so that you
can change
and you can have an opportunity to make
a choice.
It's our job to tell you the truth.
The Bible is alive and I'm
telling you it's never changed.
What God stood for back then is what he
stands for now. Just because we have a
limp-wristed gospel and a lot of people
that don't want to tell you the truth
that Jesus Christ is coming—and he's
coming back for a glorious church
without spot or wrinkle—doesn't mean
that it's not going to happen
because they're not telling you. But if
you come here, I'm the watchman on
the wall warning you and yelling at the
top of my lungs, telling you that Jesus
Christ is coming and you need to repent.
You need to repent and turn from your
wicked ways because if you don't,
you're going to burn in hell forever. Is
that bad? No, it's me telling you the
truth
and you don't want to hear it. They get
mad. 'Well, we're turning you
off.'Well,
bye.
Bye. At least I warned you. You heard it
right before you turned me off.
'I don't want to hear that, brother.
You're too radical.'I'm trying to tell
you that Jesus Christ is coming. That is
radical. Just like Paul Revere yells in
the midnight hour, running and telling all
the minutemen saying, 'Hey, the
British are coming! The British are
coming!'I'm
the Paul Revere of this
generation, riding in the midnight
hour, telling you that
Jesus is coming. You need to get
your house ready. You need to get your
boat ready because as in the days of
Noah, so will it be when the Son of Man
returns. And I'm telling you, look
around you, folks. Look around you. Wars
and rumors of wars, plagues and
pestilences, earthquakes in divers
places. We had one in the Philippines
today. We had one in Afghanistan today.
In divers places, we're having these
earthquakes.
And many people are so desensitized to
all of it because we hear about it all
the time that you think it's just the
status quo. And as a frog in a pot, as
the water keeps getting hotter and
hotter and you don't even realize that
you're getting boiled alive,
you must realize where we are and the
signs of the times and the coming of the
Lord Jesus Christ.
It's time to fall on our face before a
holy God and say, 'God, have mercy on
this
generation.'We
need a harvest of souls like we've
never seen before. We need a revival. We
think, 'Well, Charlie Kirk went home and
we have a couple of months,'and like I
told you, you all go back into your lackadaisical
ways—'Well,
you
know, the holidays are coming, so we're
focused on that'—until we have another
major event
and it shakes you a little bit and you
go, 'Well, that shouldn't have
happened.'Brother
Hagin
said
anything that happens in this earth
that is bad is a church prayer
failure.
It's a church prayer failure.
And that's why the Lord told me, he
said, 'Brandon, it's going to take much
prayer in these last days. So raise up
a million men and women prayer army.
Come on the internet and pray with my
people. Teach them to pray. Teach them
to have fellowship with me and tell
them that I'm
coming.'I
said, 'Lord, they know you're
coming.'Most
of the church knows. Well, the
ones I hang around, at least we all talk
about it all the time.
He looked me straight in the eyes and he
said, 'Brandon, they don't know.
They don't know. There's no urgency.
There's no urgency in my church. For I'm
going to create an urgency for one last
call. I'm going to shake this generation
one more time. And I'm going to bring
them to their knees for fearful
sights they will see that will bring
them to their knees.'And there will be
five major shakings throughout this
earth:
a
shaking in politics,
a shaking in finances,
a shaking in the earth's crust and
earthquakes, a shaking in the
heavens, and a shaking in the
church.
Five major shakings. You're going to see,
and we're seeing some of it right now,
but as I'm telling you, as labor pains
upon a woman, so will it be. I'm telling
you, we're going to see. He even told
us even the day, he said, 'Watch from
the 23rd of September,
for September will be a month to
remember.'And
Charlie Kirk went home.
September
will be a month to remember. Nobody will
forget it. And I'll never forget
what happened with Charlie Kirk. Never.
But I saw major revival coming to
college campuses. I saw a major revival
coming throughout this earth.
I saw brush arbor churches. I saw
churches that were on fire. I saw the
pastors preaching repentance. But
then he said, 'Be patient with my
babies
for they're coming.
They're coming in hot,
Braden.'And
so I just
keep trying to tell you and sounding the
alarm over and over. And you say, 'Well,
Braden,
I've already heard
this,'but
you need to hear it again.
You need to hear it again.
You need to have that fan flamed to warn
you that Jesus is coming.
And I'll keep doing this.
Just like Jeremiah kept warning the
people that stuff was coming and they
kept saying, 'Oh, we heard
that.'How
many times did you read him saying the
same thing over and over and over again
to the point it seemed redundant? But he
said it to the point where it happened.
And I'm telling you, life and death
is in the power of your tongue. And I'm
telling you,
you need to watch what you say. I told
D,
I said, 'We've got to
come up higher in our confession. We've
got to come up higher in what we're
saying
because
life and death is in the power of
the
tongue. But
as a man thinketh in his heart, so is
he. But as you think, what you speak, out
of the abundance of the heart, the mouth
speaks.
And what you're saying is what you're
living today. What you said yesterday is
what you're going to live. What you said
today is what you live tomorrow or the
next day. But what you keep saying out
of your mouth because your tongue... the Bible says the tongue is the pen of a ready writer. I believe your
tongue
is
the
pen
of a ready
writer. You're writing your ticket.
You're writing what you're
living.'What
are you saying out of your mouth? What
are you believing?
'My marriage is terrible. My kids are all
rebellious.'You
have what you say.
'Well, we're poor. We'll always be poor.
Grandma was poor. Her great-grandma was
poor. You know what? We're always just
going to be some backwoods people that
just kind of live off the
land.'No,
I'm more than a conqueror.
I have more than enough. My bank account
is in
overflow. I'm just going to
say that I'm not moved by what I
see. I'm not moved by what I feel. Even
when you click the bank account and you
look at it, I'm not moved by you. I
speak to you to change.
It may say you're in the negative.
You're looking at it and saying, 'I don't
care what you say. I believe that my God
is an abundant supply. He supplies all
my needs.'The doctor comes and
gives you a bad report.
The doctor says you
have four
weeks to live.
I speak to this
report. I refuse to believe this.
Even if you go down fighting, at least
you stood for something good. Whether
you are
absent from the body
and
present with the Lord, either
way you win,
but at least you believe God for it all
the way.
Whose
report
will you believe? We shall believe the
report of the Lord. I believe
you're going to have to believe in this
day and in the days ahead. You're going to
have to contend.
I'm telling you this because I see a
storm coming.
People don't want to hear it.
'Well, you know, you're looking into the
tribulation,
brother.'No,
I'm seeing labor pains.
I'm seeing storms.
I'm seeing a plague again. I
saw it
again today.
I have a glimpse into it. The Lord shows
me and I am praying.
I see the plague and I'm
looking at people dying. Today I'm
outside blowing my leaves off and
I see it and I go,
'What am I supposed to do with
that?'He
warns,
He has me praying, and I intercede a lot.
I don't let
things bother me.
I see things about the housing market; I
see about these things. What I
warned you about is right here in the news. I
remember what
I told you about the hit list. Here is
President Trump
right here. Can you put
it on there?
I can't read the font because it's way
too small. But that's okay.
Let me see.
Read
the hit list.
He just
retweeted what Homeland Security put.
It's on Donald Trump's
Truth Social. He
posted
what Homeland Security put, and it
says criminal organizations in Mexico
have begun offering thousands of dollars
for the murder of federal law
enforcement with payouts escalating
based on rank and action taken: $2,000
for gathering intelligence or
doxing
agents, including photos and family
details;
$5,000
to $10,000 for kidnapping or non-lethal
assaults on standard ICE and CBP officers;
and up to $50,000
for the assassination of high-ranking
officials. It says that our ICE
officers are facing more than a
1,000% increase in assaults against them.
Under President Trump and
the
Secretary, every
criminal, terrorist, and illegal alien
will face American justice.
This is the list I saw.
When you see in part, you hear
in part, and I tell you it's funded by
another government. It's funded by
cartels.
I saw MS-13, and there's a
lot of things I can't even say about what
I've seen,
but I'm trying to tell you that you need to
be serious about the signs of the times. We
see
terrorist
attacks being averted in Michigan.
We see the darkness, but we have
authority. We're praying and we're
bringing down this
assignment from the enemy. I'm
telling you folks,
many hands make light work.
I've said enough; it's been 30 minutes.
I tried to keep it under 30 minutes
tonight because I told Diana,
'I'm talking
way too
long.'I
just wanted to try to stir
you up a little bit before we pray that
you have authority, and that's why we do
this. We're going to pray, and if the
Lord shows me more about these doors,
great. If He doesn't, He'll show me some
other time. But I know that we
are in a time of something supernatural
about to take place for the Body of
Christ as we enter into this
month of November. I believe it's
going to be a time of great acceleration
for us—not sitting back
and
saying,
'What a missed
opportunity.'Believe
God
big today. So, let's pray. Take
communion with us. Father, we thank You
for the Body.
We're so grateful
for all that You've done and everything
that You said in Your Word: that we have
what we say and we're more than
conquerors. Father, I thank You, Lord,
that we have the Greater One
living on the inside of us. We are
wall-to-wall
Holy Ghost. From the
top of my head to the soles of my feet,
the Holy Spirit dwells within me.
I am in overflow with the Holy Spirit.
I thank You, Father, that You dwell on
the inside of me, my wife, and my
children. We receive it richly by
faith—that
we will lack no good thing, that
we will
lack no good gift.
We will walk in the abundance of the Holy
Ghost and fire in our household.
Father, I thank You for
Your body that was broken. You were
beaten. You took it all
on the cross. They whipped You
with that cat-o'-nine-tails, Father.
They
really
did a number on You.
Father, You took it all for me.
You did it because You love me, Lord.
But You didn't just do it for me; You
did it for every person that's watching
this right now
and anybody else who would
receive it.
You did it for us. You became sin, You
became sickness, You became poor, You
became
mentally
disturbed. He took it all.
He took that crown of thorns on His
head. It says
in His Word in 2 Timothy 1:7 that God
has not given us a spirit of fear, but
of power and of love and of
a sound mind. Because of what You
did on that cross for us, we have
a sound mind,
because He became all that for us. So,
Father, I thank You that we don't
have to take it because in Galatians,
Christ has redeemed us from the
curse of the law. Because You took
it on the cross,
Father, we're redeemed from
the curse.
I'm not under the curse. Jesus has set
me free. For sickness, I have health;
for poverty, wealth; for Christ has
ransomed me.
We believe
everything that You did for us, and we
receive it in Jesus'name. Thank You,
Lord. Thank You, Father, for all that
You provided for us. Amen and amen.
Take it; we don't have to be sick.
I receive it, Father.
We make much of the blood because the blood
makes much of us.
We apply the blood of Jesus.
We thank You, Lord, that no weapon
formed against us is going to prosper.
Every tongue that rises against us, we
condemn it. We plead the blood of
Jesus over us. We thank You, Lord,
for the angels that are watching over
us. If there's anything You want to
show me
or
show her, Father, I thank You
that
we're willing and able
to hear You, God.
A
stranger's voice we will not follow.
Father, we thank You that
we don't add to any prophetic
confusion in the airwaves;
we only hear
You, Father, and we only see what You
want us to see. We plead the blood
over us in
Jesus'name.
Thank You, Lord.
See, every time is different. It's
just out of the flow. You want
some of this?
I usually don't drink this because it makes
you burp.
So, Father, here we go. Who wants to go
tubing?
Braden,
you're so funny every time, baby.
We're going to go tubing.
We'll
go down that Holy Ghost
river. Let's pray together and
see what the Lord has for us tonight.
I feel there's something.
Father,
where
you lead, we follow.
Help us, Father, to go into
those major rivers.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for the Holy
Ghost river of prayer,
that we don't pray
out of the flesh like that
whiny prayer, but we
pray out of the Holy Ghost and fire, and
He prays through us, and we hit the
target:
spirit-led prayer.
So we just thank you, Lord. We worship
you.
Oh, how He loves us.
Oh, how He loves me.
Oh, how He loves you and me.
He gave His life;
what more could He give?
Oh, how He loves you.
Oh, how He loves me.
Oh, how He loves you and me.
I wait on you.
I'll have no other,
for I'll love you only.
I'll never forsake you
or leave you
alone.
Here in your
arms,
I'll be
at
rest in the precious love you have for
me.
I love
you.
Oh, how I love
I'll have no other,
for I'll love you only.
I'll never forsake you
or leave you alone.
Father,
we worship you tonight.
Thank you, Father, for the Holy
Ghost river.
We wait on you.
We're never in a hurry.
We're never rude when we come into your
throne room and
barge right in there and say, 'We
demand, we want to hear, we want to
see,'but
Father, we come politely.
Even if we come boldly, we come
politely
and we say, 'Lord,
what is it
that we could do for you
tonight?'Not
what we think or what we want to hear,
but Father, everything that you want us
to hear and for us to draw
near—to
draw near where you are,
to come up higher with the fire and sit
at your throne.
For you said you inhabit the praises of
your people.
And we thank you, Lord, that tonight
we
dedicate this time. We separate
ourselves
for you
to flow through us, Holy Spirit,
that we add our supply in this world.
I believe
in miracles;
I've seen a soul set free.
Miraculous,
the changing
one redeemed
through Calvary.
I've seen the lily push its way
up through the stubborn sod.
I
believe
in miracles,
for I
believe
in God.
I believe
in miracles;
I've seen a soul
set free.
Miraculous,
the changing
one redeemed
through Calvary.
I've seen the lily push its way
up through the stubborn
sod.
I believe
in miracles,
for I
believe
in God.
Father, we worship you
and we believe in miracles.
We believe in signs and wonders.
We believe, Father, that you are the
same yesterday, today, and forever. And
the same God that healed the sick 2,000
years ago is still healing the sick
today.
We believe that Christ in us is the hope
of glory.
And we give you all the glory,
all the honor, and all
the praise. For the Lord, He is good
and His mercy endures forever.
And great is
your faithfulness to us.
Great is your faithfulness to me.
Thank you, Father.
What can wash away my sin?
Nothing but the blood of Jesus.
What can make me whole again?
Oh,
precious
is the flow
that
makes me white as snow.
No other fountain I know, nothing but
the blood
of Jesus.
It's what washes away our sins
and
makes us whole again.
It's nothing but the blood.
We are able to enter in by the blood.
We're able to do anything; it's by
the blood.
We're able to pray and go before His
throne because of Jesus and what He did
with His blood.
Jesus paid the price for you and me.
He paid the whole price for
us
to walk
in victory over the
world, over the devil.
He's given us power
and authority, and we're going to use it
right now.
I'm going to pray in the spirit, and you
can either pray in English or
pray however you know how
to pray. But I'm going to pray and
see if He shows me anything
concerning our beautiful country.
So, Father, we worship you. We thank
you.
We put our eyes on you,
Lord.
There's healings taking place right now
as we sing.
You've been battling some things:
migraine headaches.
The
Lord said migraine headaches. You're
getting set free from migraine headaches
right now. People, latch onto that and
receive that right now. In the name of
Jesus, migraine headaches are breaking
off.
You've been battling migraines for a
long time,
and today's the expiration date for
that.
No more migraines. I don't know who
these people are, but I'm saying there's
several of you.
Migraine headaches completely delivered
from this in
Jesus'name.
It's like
a hormone imbalance
with the chemistry of your body
causing triggers of this.
Ovaries are being healed right now.
I see the uterus and
all the fallopian tubes are being
restored right now in the name of Jesus.
A brand-new uterus. Now, I know
heavy menstrual cycles—very painful,
heavy menstrual cycles. The Lord is
healing this right now,
healing heavy, painful, cramping menstrual
cycles. This is caused from
cysts.
The Lord is dissolving these cysts. There
are
blockages
from scarring. The Lord
said it's scarring, Brennan. It's
scarring
there. And it's even caused you to
be unable
to have children. But the
Lord is healing you and you're going to
have children. Call it
in, love.
Call it in. This is for you, female. I
need you to help me with this.
We call healing
over their bodies, over their
wombs. We call the cysts to go now in
the name of Jesus. We thank you for that
mighty working power flowing through
their bodies right now
that cleanses
them—that
you are cleansing their
wombs right now,
cleansing them clean in
Jesus'name.
Never to return.
You can never come
back. No more cysts over the
ovaries. And what else do
you have?
Children.
We thank you that you
bring fertile wombs, fertile
eggs—that
these eggs are healthy and
whole and well
and that they do what they're supposed
to do. Healed in the name of Jesus.
Breakthrough concerning
childbearing. Yes, breakthrough. I
hear this: stand on this scripture.
'My vine will not cast fruit before its
time.'Yes,
that's in Deuteronomy 28.
Your
womb will not cast—you have miscarriage
after miscarriage—your vine will not
cast its fruit before its time.
I
believe I receive a full-term child in
the name of Jesus. Say that. I believe
it. And we call it in for them. We stand
with them. And I believe that
everything the devil had to try to steal
from you, it's going to return back
double in
Jesus'name.
Twins. That'd be fun.
I hear by the spirit of God to call that
for you. Believe it to redeem the time.
You say, 'Well, I'm getting too old. I
wanted more than one.'No, God is a
redeemer of the time.
Everything the devil meant for bad,
God's going to turn it around for
your good. It's time to believe God for
the double concerning this and
joy
like you've never had before.
Peace. A pregnancy of peace instead of
torment. Fear has torment, but perfect
love casteth out all fear. You say,
"I'm afraid I'm going to have a
miscarriage."No,
I will be
full-term.
My vine won't cast its fruit before the
time. My ovaries and my uterus
are
healed, and I'm going to have a
supernatural baby
in the name of Jesus.
And you'll produce milk like a Jersey
cow.
Why not? You say, "I
want to
breastfeed."You'll
produce milk like
a Jersey cow.
No problems with nursing; it'll be
good, rich milk. It won't be
malnutrition. The baby will
be
able to feed two children with it.
Why not believe God to be like
a Jersey cow?
Why not believe God for big? Yeah, it's
like that.
I'm telling you.
Overflow. It's time to
turn it around. You might be
breastfeeding right now and not
be able to do it because you're not
producing. I call that milk in
Jesus'name.
I speak to those milk ducts to
produce and not be clogged in
Jesus'name.
What is it? What is
mastitis?
I hear that word.
It's when the
ducts get inflamed and they get
infected.
We call for no infection in
Jesus'name.
Call it in right now.
You're healed, whole, and well in the
mighty name of Jesus. No fever, no pain,
no discomfort in
your
childbearing years. What is it?
Postpartum depression.
No postpartum depression.
We speak to the mind and to the hormones.
mastitis. mastitis. Thank you.
I don't know
because
I'm a man, but I'm hearing
the Lord: infection in
the ducts.
He said, "Why would you want to bring a
child up on this earth right
now?"We
occupy until he comes.
We don't let the devil rob us. We occupy.
Nobody knows the day or the hour
when the Son of Man returns, but we
look at the fig tree. We can
sense that it's getting
close. But we occupy until he comes.
You don't say, "We're not going to
have children because Jesus is
coming."We
occupy until he comes. We don't get
flaky with this.
They've been saying it for years, but we
can sense it's getting closer. You
still have a family. And if you have the
desire, he put it there.
If you
have the desire to have children, then
he put it there. It's from him.
Children are a
treasure, an
inheritance
from the Lord.
So don't let the devil try to talk
you out of it.
He'll provide. Where you have a
need, he'll provide. I believe
where you sow a seed, he'll provide.
I believe with all my
heart, God's hand is not short.
He'll provide for the hospital bills to
have the baby. He'll provide for the
baby and whatever you need,
the diapers, whatever,
because
he's a good God. He provides for us.
If he'll do it for
me, he'll do it for you.
We
were
looking for shoes for the
kids and we went into the store and
got shoes. God will provide in
any kind of way possible if
you just believe him for it.
God is able.
Diana,
this
is so interesting. We were here and went
all the way to Germany, and I
see that swastika again, them summoning
that spirit of the Antichrist.
We went from babies
to that.
God is amazing to me.
They're doing
stuff underneath the ground again
in these caverns
in Berlin.
They're
summoning the same Hitler spirit by
satanic
practice, trying to bring forth
that Hitler spirit.
It's like a dagger.
The
Lord said don't focus on
it.
I plead the blood over my eyes.
All of this satanic
practice, Father, we call it uncovered.
I thank you,
Lord, that the people would be free.
These young girls,
whatever is going on with
Germany
and why they're doing this
to bring forth these end
times. They're being asked to because of where
the origin was.
They're being asked to
because
of
territorial
sectors.
The Lord said, "Why do you think they
put CERN where they
did?"There's
more to it; it's territorial.
They're
summoning things in certain
sectors of Europe.
Now
I see the Olympics. I see the Winter
Olympics in the next few months.
February 3rd, 2026.
I'm seeing in the
spirit from the
6th to
the 22nd.
They are
summoning
concerning the Olympics
opening ceremony.
Every single one, even when it
came
to the French, there
are
cultic things that
have been attached to it.
This will involve the Catholic
Church.
I see the Vatican
and
the Pope.
Watch what they
decode.
They're calling
it forth,
summoning the darkness
in Italy.
The very roots of the fruits.
Watch Germany. Global, it's a
world war
in
Europe
for the four horsemen of the apocalypse.
Watch Israel.
I see the flag.
A great shaking.
Singing,
I see a
volcano going off again, smoke
flooding.
Oh,
Grenade,
remember the canary in the coal mine.
I see the canary on the perch.
There
are
gases,
silent but
deadly,
no smell.
It's all centered around Italy, but he
said
watch the Vatican
and
the
outcome
over the next three months.
Watch this time frame going into
the Olympics.
The church is rising in this time
because of where it is located,
getting a bigger
mouthpiece.
Watch
the Olympics
opening ceremony
in Germany
and
France.
And then I see the lizard
watching Europe, watching
in
England, watching the King.
A summoning of the
Antichrist spirit will take place even
more.
He knows it's at the door
and they're summoning it, trying to bring
it up
faster.
I see this thing
like an Indian arrowhead
made out of
volcanic rock.
It's an ancient satanic tool for
sacrifice
made for ceremonies,
but they're trying to summon this thing.
They're trying to, and the church needs to
step up in Europe.
They want to bring that, with
the display that you will see
in
this opening ceremony, to
bring forth world war. The four horsemen
of the apocalypse is why I keep
saying—you
hear me?
It's
asking for world war
to bring forth world war,
not peace;
to bring forth the
Mahdi.
But this is
being asked in this area
over Berlin because this is where the
Pergamon altar and the things that were
there are. You understand?
Revolution.
Resolution.
Everything is at attention, and I see
it all focused on one thing. And I'm
talking about the demonic.
They see Him.
He's
coming—Jesus.
They are at attention.
I see demons in these castles
and in Romania.
I see they're in these buildings and
they're all looking. They see Him.
They're watching.
Do you hear me? The spirit realm is
alerted.
The spirit realm is on a high alert,
and they see the Son of Man coming
because it's changing. They know
it.
They say something's different.
I hear their chatter.
I hear their chatter in the castles. I
hear their chats in the palaces. I
hear their chatter in the Vatican, in
all these areas. They are
looking.
You say, "Well, there shouldn't be a
devil
there."I
see one
and they're looking, but their eyes are
toward the eastern sky.
Do
you understand?
Because there's something different.
We're not in a time like we've ever seen
before. I hear in the spirit.
And they know, out of all the thousands
of years,
that something now is different.
The devils are at attention.
Do you hear me?
I know you do. I'm sorry to keep
repeating
myself,
but this is what I see.
And they're all looking
because their attention is heightened
because of where we are.
So they're trying to do what they know
to do to summon their darkness because
they know that the time is short.
They're at attention.
Watch this winter Olympics.
Watch this
timeframe.
They'll do what they know to do.
They're doing their darkness.
This is concerning Berlin.
This is concerning what is trying to be
over the Vatican. For the false prophet
will rise next to the Antichrist. I told you, this
is
the Pope.
It's the Pope.
Watch Leo.
Watch
Leo.
And I'm not attacking
Catholics.
I'm not attacking Catholics. I'm telling
you what I see.
Watch Pope Leo.
A great revival will
spring
forth in the Catholic Church in the
youth.
Watch.
But as it gets closer and closer,
watch the
key players start to step into their
roles.
What is this about the Olympics?
This is very interesting. Lord, Father, I
see this darkness, but I see structures. I see
great gatherings of people.
Do
you hear me?
This is
very serious. Around the Vatican,
the square,
but they're all looking.
They're all looking because
there's something different
in the spirit realm.
They see the light like I'm seeing right
now. I can see the light. They know that
something has changed.
They know that something has changed
in the realm of the spirit like they've
never seen before.
Do
you feel it?
I'm
seeing Romania. I see Ukraine. I see
Russia. I see the Kremlin.
It's the great Apollyon.
Even Apollyon is at attention.
They're all looking.
I see Apollyon again.
I see Apollyon circling Putin.
He
stopped
spinning and he's at attention.
He's looking at the light. They're all
looking at this light.
Apollyon has stopped spinning and he's
looking at the light. I see the
light, and Apollyon is looking
at the light. They all know that Jesus
Christ is coming.
They're all at attention. Every knee,
the Lord said, every knee
will bow and
every tongue will confess that Jesus
Christ is Lord. And that's what you're
seeing. They're about to bend their
knee.
They are all about to bend
their knee to the King of Kings and the
Lord of Lords. Do you understand? Every
knee will bow. Every tongue will confess
that Jesus Christ is Lord of Lords. He
is Lord
of Lords. Every knee will bow. Every
tongue will confess that He is Lord. He
is Lord.
I see the
Son of Man coming. He's coming
back for you. He's coming back for me.
Jesus Christ is coming. And the devils in
hell know it.
They're looking toward
the light. Jesus is coming. Jesus is
coming. Oh, glory to God. I see the Son
of Man coming. And at
the name of Jesus, every knee will bow.
Every tongue will confess that He is
Lord.
Watch what's about to happen.
I hear the sound
of it. They're all at attention.
Even in
the castles, I see devils in castles.
They're
all looking. They're on high alert.
But it's the glorious church.
This is the greatest revival. Get ready
for the greatest revival. Get ready for
the greatest harvest of souls this world
has ever seen before. Get ready for the
outpouring
of the glory.
They know.
That's so interesting. Apollyon was
spinning like that and he just stopped.
He
stopped in his tracks. He's looking.
They're all fixed on it.
As they do their witchcraft, they do
their practices to try to summon up
what they can. There's not a devil in
hell that is stronger than Jesus, the
great I am.
Not one devil. All of them
put together, every
principality, every power,
none of them
hold
anything.
They're all at attention to my King.
They're shaking in their boots. They
know their time is up.
Oh,
the authority.
Oh, how
wonderful He is.
Jesus Christ, the King of Kings and the
Lord of Lords. And He dwells on the
inside of you and the inside of me.
Glory to God. Ladies and gentlemen,
we're about to see something we've never
seen before. Even the devils in hell are
standing at attention right now.
They know that time as we know it is up.
He's
putting in the harvesters right now. And
as we see, they try to bring all this up.
They're trying to do their things in the
Olympics and all this, but the church
is waking up. A
great shaking is coming. You're going to
see the church be what the church
was
always designed to be.
Yeah.
The great falling away, you will see. But
the remnant.
We are
alive. We're awake. We're expecting the
coming of the Lord because we can sense
it inside.
If a devil in hell can sense it, how
much more should you?
He lives on the inside. There is an
alert. There's an alarm going off.
Awake, awake, awake. Jesus is
coming, church.
Jesus is coming.
And the devils in hell know it.
Maybe I raise my voice too much. They
say you yell too much. I
can't
help
it.
I'm a preacher. My voice carries. They
can probably hear me across the
street. Neighbor Maryland would be going, "What is
he doing over there
yelling?"My
neighbors have to put
in more insulation on their houses.
Glory to God. I got so stirred up by
seeing
what I just saw. They're scared spitless,
Diana.
I saw their... you know, when you're fixed
on something.
They weren't looking anywhere else. They
were looking at my King.
They
need to be afraid. It's time;
a divine reversal is here. That's what
He said. A divine reversal is here.
Where
you
were
being pursued, you see that they were pursuing you, and
now
you pursue them.
You know, a divine reversal:
the pursuer becomes the pursued.
That's what's going to happen. The
church is going to get a backbone. And
you're going to see a church rise up and
lay hands on the sick and see them
recover. And we're going out of this
place with victory. We're going to see
the Lord said, 'I believe for billions of
souls.'You
need to believe for bigger,
for the harvest is plentiful and the
laborers are few. What will you do to
bring in the harvest?
Help Him.
Help our Father.
He's leaving the ninety-nine to go after the one,
and every knee shall bow. I heard Him
say,
'Well, it's cool.'His voice echoed.
I could hear it. It was good. Okay, I'll
tell you the vision. I could hear it. I
was there. I went there. I could hear
when He said, 'As I said in
My word, every knee shall bow and every
tongue will confess.'Brandon, I heard His
voice echo through the valley.
You know how you can yell and it
echoes?
It was like that, but it
was thunderous, coming from the Father.
And every devil in hell was looking.
Everything on the earth,
everything that creepeth was looking.
They were fixed on Him
like a bug to a light.
They know their day of judgment is at
hand.
They know their time is short.
There's scripture that when the
devil is going, he's going
because he knows his time is short.
He's going to try to
mess with the nations.
Revelation
here,
says, 'Therefore, rejoice, ye heavens, and ye
that dwell in them. Woe to the
inhabiters
of the earth and of the sea!
For the devil is come down unto you,
having great wrath, because he knoweth
that he hath but a short
time.'Praise
God. He knoweth he has but a
short time.
Exciting.
He knows he has but a short time.
He's in trouble.
The day of judgment is at hand, and our
Father... they're looking. I couldn't see
Him. I couldn't see anything.
All I could see
was the light shining, and I could see
what they were looking at, but I could
not see why they were looking.
I could see the light and all
those devils are focused on it, but I
couldn't see why they were looking.
The very
atmosphere has changed
from
Rosh Hashanah to Rosh Hashanah the 23rd
as
a great time of acceleration.
Remember to watch the fig tree.
Hallelujah. Praise God. This has been
fun. I'm glad I showed up tonight.
Me too. Let
us...
and He's putting in His closers. You'll
see the elders, a lot of them go home, and
you're going to see the new generation,
the young ones that have fresh new legs.
You know, it's like putting in somebody
who's been sitting on the bench and
it's, 'Put me in, coach. Put me in,
coach.'And
they're excited just to be in the game.
They've been sitting. That's like me; I
was on the bench
for a long time. Others said, 'Put you in,
Brandon.
Go.'You
know, and I'm like, 'I
don't want to mess up with the ball,
but I'm just going to
try.'That's
what He's doing with
y'all
right now.
He's just looking for somebody who will
say yes.
'Here am I, Lord. Put me in the
game.'It's
time to pass the baton on to the
younger generation who has fresh legs.
And that's what He said: 'I've saved the
best for last.'That's you.
Well, I don't know enough to work. It
don't matter. Whatever you know,
talk it.
Whatever you know, you may
just know a little bit, but tell
somebody about what you know.
'Jesus loves me, this I know, for the Bible
tells me so.'That's enough. Tell them,
tells me so.'Whatever you have, use it.
It's all hands on deck. We need to tell
the world that Jesus Christ is coming.
We're running out of time.
What a glorious church we are, to rise up
without spot or wrinkle
coming before His throne and being
that bride that we're supposed to be and
saying, 'Father, we love You.
We're
here.'Let's
make our Father pleased with us.
'Well done, thy good and faithful servant.
Enter into My rest.'Why not us? Why not
you?
If not you, who will? Yes.
If not me, who? If
not us, who will? You.
He's going to choose you
where He's putting you in the game.
Don't be down on
yourself.
It's all hands on deck.
This is wartime in the spirit. And that's
why we're so excited you came tonight.
That's why we're so excited that you
showed up and prayed with us. I know
it's late here Central. But
we are so excited, and I'm so thankful
that Jesus Christ called us and He chose
us for such a time as this.
We just want to live long and finish
strong.
No matter when He comes,
we occupy until He comes.
And we're
excited Jesus Christ is coming.
That was awesome. Let's
see. Do
you have anything else, Father? We didn't
talk about the doors, Lord,
but
what the Lord had was better than the
doors. When I saw that
Apollyon
devil, that big thing coming out of the pit...
remember I told you he was spinning
like a top? And this time he was glowing
with this
dingy-looking
dirty glow. It was a dingy look, like
gray.
But it was glowing. It was spinning,
spinning. And I could see he looked like a
tornado, spinning like a tornado all
over the world trying to create war.
And all of a sudden,
in
this vision, he was spinning
and he came to a complete
stop and froze and just looked up.
The Bible
says
every knee will bow. I'm going to run
around this room. Yes. Every knee, even
Apollyon,
even the devil, even Lucifer,
even Satan,
every knee will bow
at the presence of our King.
Praise God. I want to go do some
cartwheels.
We're
about to go to
heaven, honey.
Jesus is coming soon.
Isn't that exciting? It's
wonderful.
We'll spend eternity with our Father.
All to Jesus
I surrender.
All to Him I freely
give.
I
surrender
all.
I
surrender
all.
All to thee, My blessed
Savior,
I
surrender
all.
You may be here tonight.
Please don't click out. Listen to what
I'm going to say. You may be here
tonight
and you've never accepted the Lord Jesus
Christ as your personal Savior.
You may be here tonight and you may be a
Christian that was backsliding and you
say, 'I was on fire once, Brandon,
but I'm not anymore.
I went back into the world.
I'm not living the way I should be.
But when you're saying all this stuff,
I feel stirred
on the inside. I want to
know Jesus Christ as my Lord and
personal Savior.
Would you pray for
me?'Diana
and I want to pray for you. We
know
that it's appointed unto man once to die
and after that the judgment.
The very shoes you put on today to go to
work or do whatever, the undertaker
might be taking them off that night.
No man is
promised tomorrow. No woman is
promised tomorrow.
You could die tonight in your sleep.
But if you do, where will you
spend eternity? You don't have to tell
me.
Where would you spend eternity? Where
would you spend the rest of your time?
If you were to die today, where would
you go? That's what I have to ask you.
As every knee will bow and every tongue
will confess that Jesus Christ is Lord,
every single one of us is going to
stand before the Father and give account
to everything we've ever done on this
earth.
I want you to make a choice tonight.
I want you to say if you want him or if
you don't, but either
way, you've made a choice.
I want you to say the sinner's prayer
with us. I want you to confess Jesus
Christ. I want to spend eternity
with him in heaven with you forever. But
it's your choice.
I can't force you.
You can either live for the world and
live for the devil and die and go to
hell, or you can live for Jesus and live
forever and go to heaven.
But either way, you're going to live
forever
in heaven or hell. You're going to
suffer either way or be in heaven. You
know what I'm saying? It's a
choice.
Which one do you choose?
I choose to
follow Jesus. No choice is a choice.
Choosing not to do anything
is
still a choice;
it doesn't make it go away.
But you're here tonight and
you've never accepted Jesus Christ as
your Lord and personal savior, and
you say, 'Brandon, how
do I do that?'It's just a simple
prayer.
If you're here tonight and you've never
accepted Jesus Christ, we want to pray
with you.
But I want you to become bold about your
decision. And I want you to put in the
comment
section right now
to
tell us. Say, 'I want to be saved. I
want to turn my back on the world and
the devil. I want to be a born-again
Christian tonight.
I'm coming home. I'm coming back to
Jesus. Today's my day.'You know what?
I've been messing around and I
shouldn't have been doing it, but today
I'm coming back and I'm coming back
strong.
I'm going to be a closer.
I want to be a contender.
I want to help out with the end-time
harvest.
There's nothing
that you've ever done that will keep you
from the love of God.
Jesus never turns his back on you or
me.
We always turn our back on him. He's
always there, an ever-present help in a
time of need with his arms wide open,
saying, 'Will you let me help
you?'I've
said it before. Just like a child
that has a broken toy and
they say, 'Daddy, can you fix
it?'Jesus
wants to turn your mess and make
it a message.
He wants to fix your drama and make your
life better.
But you have said, 'I don't have
time for it. I don't have time for
Jesus. I don't have time.'But you have
the opportunity today, right now,
to accept him and say, 'Jesus, I
surrender all.
I surrender all. All to you, my blessed
savior. All to you. I humbly give my
life.'So,
I want you to repeat this prayer
after me. If you are here tonight
and this is speaking to you, if you feel
that itching inside—it says, 'No man
comes to the father unless he's drawn
by'—and
right now you could be being drawn
by the father. Right now you feel that
inside. You're feeling those butterflies
in your stomach. You're feeling like
you've
got to make a choice.
And tonight's your night. I want you to
make a choice right now. Say in the
comment
section, 'I want to be saved.
I'm coming back to Jesus
tonight.'Every
knee will bow and every tongue
will confess that Jesus Christ is Lord.
Will you confess him as your Lord today
ahead of schedule? Because either way, you're
going to. And it will be
by
either choice or by force.
But I'm just telling you,
choose today whom you will serve.
Accept Jesus Christ right now.
Now, I'm going to repeat this prayer
and I want you to say it after me. Say
it with your whole heart. With the heart, confession
is
made unto salvation.
The moment you confess your sins is not
when God found out about it; it's when
you got rid of it. He knew you were a
sinner before you even confessed it.
But that's when you got rid of it.
You run to God when you sin; you don't
run away from him.
You run to him with your arms wide
open. I need Jesus.
I need him.
The devil tried to convince you that you
don't, but you can't do this
life without him.
So
you say this prayer after me. Say,
'Jesus,
I believe you're the son of God.
I believe that you died for me and you
rose again on the third day.
Jesus, I'm a sinner
and I need a savior.
Forgive me, Lord, of my sins.
Forgive me from my past.
Forgive me, Father, for what I did.
I've messed up so badly. But as from this
day forward, I turn my back on the
devil.
I turned my back on the world and I'll
serve you with all my heart.
I'll serve you with
everything I've got. The way I was a sinner is how
I'm going to be a Christian. I'm going
to follow you.
You took all our energy being a sinner;
now I'm going to put all my energy into
you. I'm going to be a Christian and I'm going to follow
you
and I'm going to follow
the ways of the word of
God. I'm going to pray
and I'm going to get radical for Jesus
just as much as I was radical for the
devil.
Today's my
day.'Father,
I thank you
that you wrote my name right now in the
Lamb's Book of Life.
Thank you, Lord, that I'm free from sin.
Thank you, Lord, that you washed me
with your precious blood.
Thank you, Lord, that you forgave me
tonight.
As far as the east is from the west, you
said you've taken my sins from me and
you cast them in the sea of forgetfulness.
Thank you, Lord. I'm coming home
just like the prodigal son, the prodigal
daughter, whatever. I am coming home
tonight and I'll serve you from this day
forward
in Jesus'name. Amen and amen.
Well, if you just said that prayer with
us, welcome to the family.
Welcome to the body of Christ. We're
excited you're here. Thank you for
joining. I know it might be a little
different hearing me praying in tongues
and doing all that, and you'll learn more
about that as we go. But we know that
you were here for such a time as this to
get born again tonight. And so what do
you do
now?
You find a Bible-believing church—a Bible-believing church
that I'd say
is
non-denominational. That's where Diana
and I would go.
Tell that pastor there, 'I just got born
again watching a YouTube video and I
want to be water
baptized.'Get
water baptized there. Plug into that
church. They go to prayer group on
Sundays or Wednesdays. Go
whenever
they have
the doors open. Get plugged in there.
Volunteer. Be an usher. Be a door
greeter. Whatever. Say, 'I just want to
get plugged in
here.'Find
you a Bible. Read your Bible.
Pray every day. Come pray with us.
And you say, 'Well, Brandon, I can't
afford a Bible. I don't even
have the money to buy a
Bible.'Diana
and I want to celebrate your
decision, and tonight by becoming a
born-again
Christian, we want to buy you your
first Bible absolutely free. We want to
buy that for you. We want to celebrate
your decision and just say, 'Welcome
to the family.'So, if you do what Diana
says.
We will
send you one through Amazon. If
you just go down to the description
below, you'll find our email address.
And then if you just put in the title
of that email, 'I can't
afford a
Bible'or
'I just got saved,'and then
put your address and your name in the description of the email, we
will get one in the mail to you through
Amazon. And we're so excited. It's the
most amazing best day of your life. Best
decision ever. We rejoice with you.
All of heaven is
rejoicing.
42 of you tonight gave your heart to
Jesus Christ tonight.
Praise God. 42
salvations.
That's awesome. I'm so glad
that you all got saved. 42 people. We
give all glory to Jesus
and tell of his wonderful
love.
Glory to God. Well, praise the Lord. And
to all of you that come on every time,
thank you all. I don't know how many are here
with us still, but we had over
5,000.
We had 5,100.
Probably a lot of you left, but
4,600 right now.
4,600 of you prayer warriors that stick
around for the altar call. Thank you for
praying with me as
we bring
in the lost for Jesus.
The most important thing we can do
here is to keep winning souls for
Jesus. In October, we had well over a
thousand
people give their hearts to Jesus
Christ. We're
so excited. On
track, if we did that every month, we
believe in God that over 12,000
people would give their hearts to Jesus
Christ in a year.
Thank you for being a part of
this YouTube channel. Thank you for your
support and your prayers.
Thank you for joining us every
single time we do this and loving on our
family the way you do.
I believe we're on track right now
for 600,000 subscribers, all to the
glory of God. I'm anointed
to do YouTube in
a way that the world is not familiar
with, all to the glory of God. Like
Pastor Chip says, I believe that God has
anointed me to do YouTube. We have
579,072
prayer warriors that have joined up
on this channel, and our other channels
are taking off. We have 25,000 on
China,
around
twenty-some
thousand
on South Korea,
and it
keeps growing. We have Portuguese,
German, and eight other channels,
all for the glory
of
Jesus. We're believing for a
million-strong
prayer army of men
and women
to join us on a daily basis. We try
to pray and bring all the glory to
Jesus here as we pray in the end
times. I'm curious
about the Olympics. Are you?
I'm curious what kind of
ceremony they have planned.
What's
that, Paisley? She probably
wants
to say goodbye.
She's so funny;
she always wants to run in
here and say goodbye to everybody.
But I'm really curious about what's
going to happen in the ceremony because he's
bringing it up. What is it about CERN?
Why did they pick that? Because he brought
that up. Isn't that interesting? Why did
they pick Switzerland
to
build CERN? What
is that? That's interesting. Then
he talked about the Pergamon
altar tonight. That was interesting.
Then a great escalation of war in Italy,
where they're having the Olympics.
That's interesting. There's so much
there that is tied together, and I saw the four
horsemen of the apocalypse riding.
I saw them all at attention.
Things are about to really take off.
We're at a time like we've never seen
before. People wanted to know what I saw
even about New York City and the hot
flash of that fire burning. It
came
out of a building.
It looked like one of
the
major
hotels
in
Times Square.
There was a building in Times Square
where that device was, and it was
the side of the building that went off.
There was fire, it felt hot, and
it was a flash of light.
Now, does that mean
it's coming this
December 31st? I'm not saying that.
I see in part, I hear in part, but
it's something
to
pray about seriously. We
are
praying over New York in Times
Square for our
New Year's Eve
celebration. So we pray over all
terrorist activity,
that
some kind of device would be uncovered by
our Homeland Security and the FBI to
uncover the darkness they would
have planned to try to disrupt and
have mass casualties.
This is very serious. The enemy is
within our country still, and Trump is
doing the best he can to uncover and
bring these people to justice.
So that's what we're here for,
and we will continue to stand as
watchmen on the wall, praying for our
nation for every evildoer to be
uncovered
in the mighty name of
Jesus. All glory to Jesus. So,
that's what I have for y'all today. I
feel
the release to stop now.
We'll join up
again on Monday. We pray you have a
wonderful, awesome,
and
blessed Monday as
you go
into your
work week. We pray that it's a
rich, amazing week. We'll see
you again tomorrow night,
bright and early.
It's early in
the morning for some; on the
East Coast, it's almost
morning.
God bless you all. Remember, Jesus
loves you.
Hi, everybody. That's Paisley.
Remember,
we love you
and Jesus loves you. Put a smile on your
face and a song in your heart. Jesus
loves you and we love you. God bless you
and we'll see you again soon. Bye-bye.